All Screenshots of Work are within Jira with timestamps on screenshots. 


November 27th(1 hour) - 
Began doing research on how to execute the task of holding videos on a server before class. Came to class with a vague understanding 
of how to hold videos in a server without having all of them in a directory within vs code. In class I was told a json file
could solve this problem. After class I went home and began researching on ways to implement a json file into a html page to store
videos for me. 

Novemeber 28th(3 hours)-
I watched a quick video on json files (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiADhChRriM) and then began researching how to play videos within CS code with 
JSON files. After some research I began writing code in order to play videos using a JSON file. I started with a small JSON file code-
[
  {
    "id": "video1",
    "title": "Video 1",
    "url": "file:///path/to/movie.mp4"
  },
  {
    "id": "video2",
    "title": "Video 2",
    "url": "file:///path/to/movie2.mp4"
  }
 ]
This did not take me long to write but the function for playing videos via JSON took a second as I did not understand how to go about doing that.
After a while of struggling I think I gave up and decided to pick up after class the next day as I dont have any more code from this day in my notes.
So after doing some more research  I was able to find a way to play JSON videos or so I thought I did. I began reworking my code in order to function with a JSON file. After lots of stack and geeksforgeeks searching I was able to come up with a function 
for playing the JSON videos. It was honestly much simpler then I thought I was just making it hard for no reason. Although bits and pieces of my previous code was 
altered significantly the below code was the most prevalent in getting the JSON to work I thought-

  $.getJSON("videos.json", function(data) {
                videos = data;
                playVideo(0);
            });

            var currentVideoIndex = 0;

            function playVideo(index) {
                currentVideoIndex = index;
                var currentVideo = videos[currentVideoIndex];
                var videoElement = document.getElementById("video");
                videoElement.src = currentVideo.url;
                videoElement.play();
                updateButtons();
            }

            function play_start() {
                $.post("/open_api/play_movie", { "data": "somedata", "any": "data" },
                    function(data, textStatus) {
                        console.log(data);
                    }, "json").fail(function(response) {
                        console.log("error");
                        console.log(response);
                    });
            }

            function VideoEnded() {
                $.post("/open_api/video_ended", { "data": "somedata", "any": "data" },
                    function(data, textStatus) {
                        console.log(data);
                        skipVideo();
                    }, "json").fail(function(response) {
                        console.log("error");
                        console.log(response);
                    });
            }

Novemeber 29th(1-2 hours after class)-
So what I realized quickly after testing my code that I came up for the JSON file was that it did not play anything within the videplayer. After asking
the professor I learned its due to security restrictions and he gave me some advice to try to open it without using chrome or disabling secuirty through the
terminal. After getting home I attempted to do research on why this was occuring and if there was anyway around it. I found myself in a rabbit hole of videos
or random forums trying to fix this problem. I wasn't willing to disable security for it so I just kept watching videos on the topic like this(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZd1JWmLGLk)
but after watching and reading a lot of different things I would realize most of it barely related. I decided to call it a day and instead worked on making the content better that was being
displayed. 

Dec 2(1 hour)- 
Took a small break due to other commitments. But on this day I began working towards getting the show Like/Dislike videos to work correctly instead of how it was 
before. At the end of last sprint I was only able to display the file names for the videos as text. My goal by the end of this sprint was being able to see the videos
within a pop up so users did not have to naviagate to another page. I tried to challenge myself here and just tweak the modals I already created but ended up just getting
many errors. 

Dec 4th(3 hours after class)-
This day I picked up a new task apart from the ones I chose from myself as our groupmates asked for someone to pick it up as no one was working on it.
I felt as if I could contribute more so I picked up the task of creating a database to store username and passwords. I worked from 10pm - 1 am when I finally 
finished working and seemed to be done or what I thought was done. 

Dec 5th(2 hours) - 
Restarted work on the like/dislike page as it was still having trouble working the way I wanted it to. The different iterations I went through are within Jira but during
this day I was working to get it open videos in a pop up. After some time of trying and many errrors later I called it a day for that. Instead I moved onto the JSON file 
with what professor showed me on Monday the file was working. However after messing with the file a little I ran into the same problem but in safari. After attempting 
to go back and fix what I did for a long time I just gave up.

Dec 6th(2 hours after class)-
Came home and went back at it with the liked/disliked page that wasn't working and finally got it to work how I wanted after many different tries of doing it.
Then I started finishing up whatever content left I had to edit which took me awhile and I sitll didn't finish with it. 

Dec 8th(1-2 hours) -
This day I completely spent doing content work and finding new videos instead of the old ones I had as well as improving the captioning to be much 
more smooth and consitent with what is being said. 

Dec 9th(1-2 hour) - 
I spent this time finishing downloading and editing all the videos from yesterday and making sure every caption matched the words being said. This took majority of the time
I spent some final time gathering things together to place in Jira the next day. I also spent time making a hypothetical function for if we got emotion values to print. These functions
were based on emotions being true or false and either skip video or continue to play video would be triggered.

Dec 10th(2 pm- 11pm with breaks)-
I spent this entire day just getting everything together putting finishing touches on everything from before. I also spent a large portion of time learning
how to use PHP files and PHP admin to hold username and passwords. It took a very long time to figure out how to get it working on Macbook as I kept finding videos
from years ago that were outdated. After Finally coming across the right tutorial it took me even more time to download and configure the necessary files. After everything 
was set up and I finally opened PHPmyadmin I was finally able to set up the data base. I spent a good amount of time then writing the PHP file in order to establish a connection. 
I also spent a very long time putting this together as well filling out the Jira with all my work. Finally I spent some time making our groups presentation. 
